>> Jem Young: There's
something called Kubernetes.
Kubernetes is the open source container
deployment strategy container management.
So we talked about orchestration, it's
a cool word and I'm jealous of dev ops
people that be like, yeah,
we orchestrate all these servers.
What it is is a good example is Netflix.
Netflix, we have web servers, we have
API servers, we have video servers,
we have log servers.
We have all these things.
But let's say our traffic is ramping up.
It's a holiday season,
a lot of people are running Netflix.
I wouldn't just bring up one web server,
I'd bring up many.
But if you have one web server, you have
to bring up the equivalent of API servers
and log in servers and
video servers and all these things.
So that's what orchestration's about,
it's about bringing up all these services
at once so they all move together.
Versus just like doing one, and
then two, and then three, and then four.
Cuz that wouldn't work.
Cuz I'd have all these web servers and
they have no back end to support them.
Well, I have all this back end,
but there is no traffic coming in,
cuz I don't have the web
servers to support it.
And that's what when people say
orchestration, what they're talking about.
Is bringing up a lot of different micro
services in containers at once to kind of
just scale your web load out.
Because nowadays,
we don't just add more servers,
we add applications and
containers and things like that.
Cool.
Kubernetes, it's a cool name,
it's open source.
There's a link about board different
container organization tools,
but Kubernetes is probably the biggest
one right now, but Amazon has one.
Microsoft has one with Azure,
things like that.